Is Consort Fu Liu beautiful?
Your Majesty, who in this world
can compare to your elegance and grace?
Really?
But no matter how beautiful I am, there will come a day when my looks fade.
The harem is soon to welcome new faces.
Oh, my lady!
What are you saying?
For you,
the emperor would choose just one out of thousands of beauties.
Just a few sour and unattractive ones,
you can just eliminate them.
Is it as simple as crushing ants? Haha.
Your Majesty, something's wrong!
What’s the rush?
Can’t you see that our lady is getting ready?
Something’s gone wrong!
All the Xiunu have been retained,
and one of the Song family girls has been promoted to consort.
To Changchun Palace.
What?
Are you feeling uneasy?
Get out of here, all of you!
Wait, come back!
Go to Changchun Palace.
Ah, Your Majesty, you can't go in.
The emperor specifically ordered
that no one is to disturb Consort Rong's rest.
Get out of the way! How dare you come here!
Don’t you know how many lives you have? Get out!
I’m going to Consort Yan.